my favorite book of all time is this novel called Siddhartha by this German
author, Herman Hess. Now, I had read books before That really
impressed me. But I, um I never thought reading was gonna be something
that I really loved. But in nuclear power school, I remember just
picking up the book. I don't know why. I guess I recognized the name
from, um Steppenwolf author and stuff. And I read the back of Siddhartha.
Maybe something interesting, kind of thin. And I was blown away.
I was It felt like I was the kid from the never ending story who,
like, had a school and then went up to the attic real quick to keep
reading. And I felt like I was in the novel. I felt like he was talking
to me. Even though it's like, maybe hey wrote the novel like
what, 50 years before that, Um, like, halfway through the novel, I felt
like How am I gonna end? How how do I, uh how will I finish my life?
Because it was that close to what I felt was a representation of
my own life. And that's the first time I have actually really, really
read a novel where I thought, Man, the guy writing This is a genius.
The guy that's writing this is like is breaking down his intelligence
into away that's digestible. Tow us lowly human forms. And yeah,
the novel, like really opened up my eyes, toe myself to the world.
Uh, two characters is a good novel.